{\rtf1\ansi \deff4\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f4\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Times New Roman;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\widctlpar 
\f4\fs20\lang2057 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Lis Morris}{\operator Lis Morris}{\creatim\yr1999\mo2\dy15\hr22\min49}{\revtim\yr1999\mo2\dy15\hr22\min50}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords291}
{\nofchars1664}{\*\company  }{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex0\headery709\footery709\colsx709 {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \qc\nowidctlpar 
\f4\fs20\lang2057 {\b\fs24\cf11 The Canny Norns for C2
\par }\pard \nowidctlpar {\fs24\cf11 Introduction}{\fs24\cf1 
\par The Canny norns are a genetically engineered race of norns, engineered to be more intelligent that any other norn breed in existence. Three new lobes, the Echo, Search and Choice lobes enable them to:
\par 
\par i) Identify a need, and learn what object is needed to satisfy this need,
\par ii) Deduce what effect a particular object on a particular action has,
\par iii)Search for the object they're interested in at the time.
\par 
\par Many other receptors and chemicals are linked into these changes as well as the three brain lobes. In total, 79 alterations have been made to the genome!
\par This zip pack contains the canny genome version 1.2, which have an enlarged concept lobe, increasing memory, and a life expectancy of 10 hours, rather than five.
\par 
\par }{\fs24\cf11 Care}{\fs24\cf1 
\par These norns can be cared for just as you would a normal norn. They like the Hand's company, and plenty of toys and food as babies. They're much more curious than a normal norn, and will appreciate lots of different things to play with (maybe draw the line
 at badplants, though!).
\par 
\par }{\fs24\cf11 Installation}{\fs24\cf1 
\par These norns need no installation as such- they can be impo
rted directly into the game, as per instructions in the manual. However, if you'd like to be able to monitor the new chemicals of these norns, place the allchemicals.str file in your creatures 2 directory. Also included in this file is a map of the new br
ain layout, with standard lobes in green, and the new lobes in red. You can watch these lobes in action in the neuroscience kit!
\par 
\par }{\fs24\cf11 Credits}{\fs24\cf1 
\par The Canny norns were a joint project between Lis Morris (}{\fs24\ul\cf2 www.shee.demon.co.uk}{\fs24\cf1 ) and Chris Double (}{\fs24\ul\cf2 www.cnd.co.nz}{\fs24\cf1 ). I (Lis
 Morris) wish to thank Chris for helping me so willingly :-) on what is probably the most difficult project I have ever undertaken!
\par The Circle of Testers:
\par Without whom, none of my work would ever reach daylight!
\par Echo lobe testers (in no particular order):
\par Carolyn Horn, Dee Steeves, Emy Sachs, Wafuru, Frimlin, Snowcalico.
\par Search and Choice lobe testers:
\par Carolyn Horn, Mike Fahey (Miff).}
\par }